We were just able to get some air messages inside a postman, which means we're now doing some validation
of the incoming request.
Now, this definitely all seems good, but it also opens the door to a really interesting topic that
we're actually going to spend a lot of time on in this application.
And this is a topic that we have not brushed upon or even discussed even remotely in the course so far.
Kind of an interesting thing overall.
So let me show you a quick diagram or two.
All right.
So here's what's going on inside of our application right now, or at least will be very shortly.
Right now, we are making a request from Postman, not a React application.
Well, let's just imagine for a second that we do build out that React app.
So we will have our React app running inside of a browser.
A user at some point in time is going to attempt to sign up for an account and maybe they enter in an
invalid email or they enter an invalid password, whatever it is, some kind of invalid data that's
going to be sent to our service.
Our off service, of course, is currently working with EXPRESS and the actual validation is being done
with Express Validator.
So because you're are sending in some invalid data, we get back a response that has this kind of structure
right here.
This is abbreviated, but it's more or less the structure of what we just got back inside of our response.
So it's an array of objects.
Each object has a value.
MSG short for message, ram and location.
If we had multiple properties that were invalid, they would all be listed out inside of separate objects
inside this array.
And so you can see that's kind of the structure of the response we just got back.
Now, really important note here we are only getting this structure of response.
In other words, an array of objects with a message, property, a program, and those other two because
we are using express validator.
The structure of response you see right here is not necessarily standard.
We're not following a standard express validator is not following a standard.
There's not some standard out there or some document out there online that says, Oh, yeah, this is
how you need to send back some list of validation errors.
Instead, someone who put together express validators said, like the actual author of that library,
they sat down and said, You know what?
I think that this is a response that kind of makes sense to describe what just went wrong with this
validation.
Now the reason that is relevant is that we are in a microservices architecture and remember at some
point in time we're going to have to start to introduce many other services into our application.
So we might have an order service and a payment service as well.
The other thing that's really relevant is that these other services could be built using completely
different languages and frameworks.
So we are going to of course, build everything inside of our app with Express and Express Validator,
but we could very easily imagine that if we were working on some professional project, the order service
might be using some Ruby on Rails API and the Payment Service might be using Java Spring.
So totally different languages, totally different frameworks.
Chances are, I don't know this off the top of my head, but chances are that if we ever have our React
application, submit some invalid data to a Ruby on Rails app.
The Ruby on Rails app is probably going to give back some response that looks very different than the
one that we just got back from Express Validator.
And same thing with Java Spring as well.
If we submit some invalid data and Java Spring does some validation on that incoming request, it might
send back response that looks even more different than the Ruby on Rails one.
So what I'm trying to say here is that in a microservices environment where we're going to have multiple
different languages, multiple different frameworks running on all these different services, whenever
we submit some invalid data to these different services, we're going to get back a response that might
have a very different looking structure.
Now a quick question for you.
Is that a problem?
Is that an issue?
Well, I'm going to say it is a tremendous issue.
I'm going to say that is a huge problem.
Here's why.
We are assuming that all these very different response structures are going to be going back to the
same exact React application.
So inside of our React app, we are going to have to encode the knowledge of how to work with these
different kinds of responses.
The React app is going to have to know that if it is making a request to the service, it should respect
or should expect a response that looks like this right here, or an array of objects with those exact
properties.
The React app will also have to know that if it is making a request to the Order Service, it should
expect a response that looks like that.
And same thing with this payment service down here as well.
So the engineers who are in charge of this front end application are going to have to have a very in-depth
knowledge of exactly what kind of air structure they're going to get back from each of these very particular
services.
And as you can guess, that's not really a responsibility that we want to throw on the engineers.
We're building our React application.
So as we start to build out all these different services, we need to make absolutely sure that every
single one is going to send back a identical looking structure any time there is some error that occurs.
So we want to make sure that our React app only has knowledge of how to parse exactly one kind of error
response.
It should always be maybe an array of objects or just a simple object.
We can use any structure for this response that we want.
We just need to make sure that it is 100% consistent between all of our different services.
Again, so these react engineers don't have to understand that, oh, I'm making a request to my service.
I should expect some kind of a response.
It looks like that versus something totally different.
So as I mentioned at the start of this video, we're actually going to spend a lot of time in this course
to make sure that we've got extremely consistent air structures anytime we make a request to any of
our different services.
This will be a lot easier than it sounds, mostly because remember, we're going to end up creating
that shared library that has a lot of code that we're going to share between all of our different services.
And that's how we're going to make this approach of handling errors rather easy and straightforward.
Okay.
So with all that in mind, quick pause right here.
We're going to start doing some further work on our validation and the response in just a moment.